# space-invaders
space invaders game

I have created a space invaders game using Java, and using the model-view-controller architecture. Learning about MVC has been very interesting as I was able to see how it seperates the concepts of the game into three parts. It makes it easier to debug and test the code. As I was building the game I came up with some prompts, and some prompts did not turn out how I wanted it to, or I was inspired off it to add more features to it. One of the first features I added was the reset game feature. It worked by clicking R on the keyboard. However I noticed that if any other player besides me was using the game, they would not know 'R' resets the game. So I prompted the agent to add a message that says "Press R to reset the game" when you lose. The next feature I added was to have a main menu before stating the game. From previous experience it is just a need, because when we first build this, the game just kicks off immedietly. My next feature was because I noticed that when I eliminated all the aliens, nothing happened afterwards. So I prompted the agent to add a completed screen, and to also implement a next level. The next feature I added was one off one of the ideas from the lecture, which was to add a UFO that crosses the top of the screen for bonus points. Its a cool feature, and it added to the game, if you care about grinding for points. The next feature was to add powerups that randomly drop from destroyed aliens. This made the game more interesting, and added more fun to the game. Another prompt was to fix the aliens when they reach the bottom. Previously, they would pass through the player and it would not trigger anything so I added that when they reach the bottom it would trigger a gameover screen, which says "THE ALIENS HAVE INVADED!". Finally, I added a highscore feature that saves the highscore, which is always a need. 

